README.md, before:

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Lifecycle: experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/connectapi)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=connectapi)
<!-- badges: end -->

# connectapi

This package is an **experimental WIP**. The package is designed to provide an R
client for the RStudio Connect Server API as well as helpful functions that
utilize the client. The client is based off a similar client in the `rsconnnect`
package, but is publicly exported to be easier to use, is extensible via an R6
class, and is separated from the `rsconnect` package for easier support and
maintenance.

## Installation

To get started:

```r
devtools::install_github('rstudio/connectapi')
```

## Client

To create a client:

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect(
  host = 'https://connect.example.com',
  api_key = '<SUPER SECRET API KEY>'
)
```

You can also define the following environment variables (in a `.Renviron` file, for instance):

```
RSTUDIO_CONNECT_SERVER=https://connect.example.com
RSTUDIO_CONNECT_API_KEY=my-secret-api-key
```

These environment variable values will be used automatically if defined in your R session.

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect()
```

## Getting Started

Once a client is defined, you can use it to interact with RStudio Connect.

### Exploring Data

These are experimental `lazy_tbl`s that allow you to retrieve data from the
Connect Server API much like using `dplyr`, `dbplyr`, or `dtplyr`.  Use
`dplyr::collect()` to retrieve data when finished.

NOTE: `filter` is not yet supported with this `tbl_connect` implementation.

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect()

users <- tbl_connect(client, "users")
shiny_usage <- tbl_connect(client, "shiny_usage")
content_visits <- tbl_connect(client, "content_visits")
all_content <- tbl_connect(client, "content")

all_shiny_usage <- shiny_usage %>% dplyr::collect()
```

### Deployment

The `rsconnect` package is usually used for deploying content to Connect.
However, if you want to use programmatic deployment with the RStudio Connect
Server API, then these `connectapi` helpers should be useful!

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect()

# deploying content
bundle <- bundle_dir("./path/to/directory")
content <- client %>% deploy(bundle, name = "my-app-name") %>% poll_task()

# set an image for content
content %>% set_image_path("./my/local/image.png")
content %>% set_image_url("http://url.example.com/image.png")

# set image and a vanity URL
content %>%
  set_image_path("./my/local/image.png") %>%
  set_vanity_url("/my-awesome-app")
  
# edit another piece of content
client %>%
  content_item("the-content-guid") %>%
  set_vanity_url("/another-awesome-app")
  
# migrate content to another server
client_prod <- connect(
  host = "prod.example.com",
  api_key = "my-secret-key"
)

prod_bnd <- client %>%
  content_item("the-guid-to-promote") %>%
  download_bundle()

client_prod %>%
  deploy(prod_bnd, title = "Now in Production") %>%
  set_vanity_url("/my-app")
```

# Code of Conduct

Please note that the 'connectapi' project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

add browse_ functions to README

README.md, after:

<!-- badges: start -->
[![Lifecycle: experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/#experimental)
[![CRAN status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/connectapi)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=connectapi)
<!-- badges: end -->

# connectapi

This package is an **experimental WIP**. The package is designed to provide an R
client for the RStudio Connect Server API as well as helpful functions that
utilize the client. The client is based off a similar client in the `rsconnnect`
package, but is publicly exported to be easier to use, is extensible via an R6
class, and is separated from the `rsconnect` package for easier support and
maintenance.

## Installation

To get started:

```r
devtools::install_github('rstudio/connectapi')
```

## Client

To create a client:

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect(
  host = 'https://connect.example.com',
  api_key = '<SUPER SECRET API KEY>'
)
```

You can also define the following environment variables (in a `.Renviron` file, for instance):

```
RSTUDIO_CONNECT_SERVER=https://connect.example.com
RSTUDIO_CONNECT_API_KEY=my-secret-api-key
```

These environment variable values will be used automatically if defined in your R session.

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect()
```

## Getting Started

Once a client is defined, you can use it to interact with RStudio Connect.

### Exploring Data

These are experimental `lazy_tbl`s that allow you to retrieve data from the
Connect Server API much like using `dplyr`, `dbplyr`, or `dtplyr`.  Use
`dplyr::collect()` to retrieve data when finished.

NOTE: `filter` is not yet supported with this `tbl_connect` implementation.

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect()

users <- tbl_connect(client, "users")
shiny_usage <- tbl_connect(client, "shiny_usage")
content_visits <- tbl_connect(client, "content_visits")
all_content <- tbl_connect(client, "content")

all_shiny_usage <- shiny_usage %>% dplyr::collect()
```

### Deployment

The `rsconnect` package is usually used for deploying content to Connect.
However, if you want to use programmatic deployment with the RStudio Connect
Server API, then these `connectapi` helpers should be useful!

```r
library(connectapi)
client <- connect()

# deploying content
bundle <- bundle_dir("./path/to/directory")
content <- client %>% deploy(bundle, name = "my-app-name") %>% poll_task()

# set an image for content
content %>% set_image_path("./my/local/image.png")
content %>% set_image_url("http://url.example.com/image.png")

# set image and a vanity URL
content %>%
  set_image_path("./my/local/image.png") %>%
  set_vanity_url("/my-awesome-app")

# browse to the dashboard log pane
browse_dashboard(content, "logs")

# browse to "open solo" mode
browse_solo(content)
  
# edit another piece of content
client %>%
  content_item("the-content-guid") %>%
  set_vanity_url("/another-awesome-app")
  
# migrate content to another server
client_prod <- connect(
  host = "prod.example.com",
  api_key = "my-secret-key"
)

prod_bnd <- client %>%
  content_item("the-guid-to-promote") %>%
  download_bundle()

client_prod %>%
  deploy(prod_bnd, title = "Now in Production") %>%
  set_vanity_url("/my-app")
```

# Code of Conduct

Please note that the 'connectapi' project is released with a
[Contributor Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
